Martinh/multigov deployment (#269)
wormhole-foundation/wormhole-docs: build/contract-integrations/multigov/deploy-to-evm.md

Reviewer: I can't get to it in here but under Development Setup there is "Edit .env with your specific [configuration](http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs/build/contract-integrations/multigov/deployment/#configuration)" that link is returning 404 and needs updated. Thank you!

---
title: MultiGov Deployment to EVM
description: Set up and deploy MultiGov to EVM locally with step-by-step instructions for configuring, compiling, and deploying smart contracts across chains.
---

> # Deploy MultiGov on EVM

Reviewer 2: Just driving by, this sounds kinda weird. Should be "Deploy MultiGov on EVM Chains"

> This guide provides instructions on how to set up and deploy the MultiGov governance system locally. Before diving into the technical deployment, ensure that MultiGov is the right fit for your project's governance needs by following the steps for the [integration process](/docs/build/contract-integrations/multigov/){target=\_blank}.

Reviewer 2: This says locally. Should it instead by "on EVM chains"?

---
title: MultiGov Deployment to EVM
description: Set up and deploy MultiGov to EVM locally with step-by-step instructions for configuring, compiling, and deploying smart contracts across chains.
---

# Deploy MultiGov on EVM

> This guide provodes instructions to set up and deploy the MultiGov governance system locally. Before diving into the technical deployment, ensure that MultiGov is the right fit for your project’s governance needs by following the steps for the [integration process](/docs/build/contract-integrations/multigov/){target=\_blank}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide provides instructions on how to set up and deploy the MultiGov governance system locally. Before diving into the technical deployment, ensure that MultiGov is the right fit for your project's governance needs by following the steps for the [integration process](/docs/build/contract-integrations/multigov/){target=\_blank}.
```

Reviewer: There is another one of these "curly" apostrophes in the first line of the next paragraph but I can't select it from here. It looks like that's the only additional one. Please fix locally and commit.

   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   ```

>    Edit `.env` with your specific [configuration](/docs/build/contract-integrations/multigov/deploy-to-evm/#configuration)

Reviewer 2: Did you check all other pages for links pointing at the `deployment` page?
